Since Yifan was really right by you
When did I lie to you?
Snow Rose
I didn't expect you to be so domineering in just three years
I am the Great Protector of Blood Jade
You wait for the day of treason
I will put you to death as a thief
Snow Rose
How dare you go wild at my coronation
Are you tired of living?
main
I'm afraid that Lei Qianjue is already half-step Wang Jin
Now that you know my strength, Lei Qianjue
You fall to the ground, kowtow, and pray for mercy
I leave you all ordinary
How powerful is the half-step imperial sword?
Ants in front of the ground mirror
All the experts in this world are vulnerable in front of him
No one can break the legend of Lei Qianjue's imperial sword
A mere half of the imperial surname
Fear nothing
I just wanted to learn something about Lin Fan.
You are a strong progressive chop
I can destroy the world with the movement of my fingers
Of course I know.
Because I am
Hahahaha good
Since you are not as famous as
I don't want to talk nonsense with you either.
You court death and I will fulfill you.